the new DJI Neo could change drones
forever here's what so you've seen DJI
drones before you've seen that they can
shoot beautiful 4K Ultra stabilized
footage but what you haven't seen is
this hey fly this drone doesn't even
need a controller you can use a remote
or motion controller or the phone's app
to manually control it but even without
that it has six different quick shot
modes like for example this front follow
mode which locks onto your face kind of
like a Paparazzi or Circle where it
literally does a 360° lap of view and
Records a clip of the entire thing that
is just insane all right you can take a
rest it's also got full coverage
propeller guards to both stabilize the
Drone and also protect it but here's
what I think is the smartest bit you can
use this to record Vlogs see the problem
with drones is that drones make a lot of
noise and so if you stick a microphone
on your drone all it's going to capture
is so what DJI have done is allowed your
phone to capture the audio and remove
that background noise and a drone to
capture the video